readme.markdown, before:

# provinces

state and province lists for countries

# completeness

This module currently has states and provinces for:

* united states (US)
* united kingdom (GB)
* canada (CA)
* mexico (MX)
* australia (AU)
* china (CN)
* germany (DE)
* belgium (BE)
* netherlands (NL)
* denmark (DK)
* Turkey (TR)
* Indonesia (ID)
* Jordan (JO)
* India (IN)
* Cambodia (KH)
* Ethiopia (ET)
* Peru (PE)
* Cuba (CU)
* Argentina (AR)
* Chile (CL)
* Bolivia (BO)
* Spain (ES)
* Bangladesh (BD)
* Pakistan (PK)
* Nigeria (NG)
* Japan (JP)
* austria (AT)
* brazil (BR)
* Philippines (PH)
* Vietnam (VN)
* Costa Rica (CR)

# methods

``` js
var provinces = require('provinces')
```

Requiring the module gives you an array of object rows.

# data format

Each row consists of:

* row.name - full name of the province or state
* row.country - country abbreviation
* row.short - optional 2 or 3 character short name
* row.alt - optional array of additional names and abbreviations
* row.region - optional region of a country (for example: "Wales")

# install

With [npm](https://npmjs.org) do:

```
npm install provinces
```

# license

MIT

Commit message:

add possibility to import single countries only

readme.markdown, after:

# provinces

state and province lists for countries

# completeness

This module currently has states and provinces for:

* united states (US)
* united kingdom (GB)
* canada (CA)
* mexico (MX)
* australia (AU)
* china (CN)
* germany (DE)
* belgium (BE)
* netherlands (NL)
* denmark (DK)
* Turkey (TR)
* Indonesia (ID)
* Jordan (JO)
* India (IN)
* Cambodia (KH)
* Ethiopia (ET)
* Peru (PE)
* Cuba (CU)
* Argentina (AR)
* Chile (CL)
* Bolivia (BO)
* Spain (ES)
* Bangladesh (BD)
* Pakistan (PK)
* Nigeria (NG)
* Japan (JP)
* austria (AT)
* brazil (BR)
* Philippines (PH)
* Vietnam (VN)
* Costa Rica (CR)

# methods

``` js
var provinces = require('provinces')
```

Requiring the module gives you an array of object rows.

# data format

Each row consists of:

* row.name - full name of the province or state
* row.country - country abbreviation
* row.short - optional 2 or 3 character short name
* row.alt - optional array of additional names and abbreviations
* row.region - optional region of a country (for example: "Wales")

# install

With [npm](https://npmjs.org) do:

```shell
npm install provinces
```

# import single countries only

If you only need provinces for specific countries, you can import them from the `countries` subdirectory:

```js
const canadaProvinces = require('provinces/countries/ca.js');
```

# contribution

To add or update the data, just modify `provinces.json` and run `./scripts/split.js` afterwards, to generate the files in `countries/`.

# license

MIT
